4|10000|Public
50|$|The Society offers Individual and Institution Memberships, {{which offer}} {{benefits}} and additional resources {{not available to}} the public. Individual membership fees are determined by annual income and academic enrollment (full-time student), but also one-time lifetime memberships are also available. Members receive copies of SEM publications, such as the Newsletter and Journal, gain voting rights, can submit <b>papers</b> <b>for</b> <b>meetings</b> and conferences, can access a members-only section of the website, and receive discounts for certain databases, such as JSTOR.|$|E
40|$|The International Society for Music Education was {{established}} in 1953 and aims to form a worldwide consortium of music educators from around the globe. ISME promotes the ability of music to enhance education worldwide, the skilled training of music educators, {{as well as an}} interconnected community of music educators and professionals globally. The International Society for Music Education Collection spans the years from 1903 - 2012 with the bulk of the materials falling between 1965 and 1995. In addition to the official records such as correspondence, financial/membership records, and planning <b>papers</b> <b>for</b> <b>meetings,</b> conferences, seminars, and projects, the Archives has brochures, programs, publications, photographs, and research reports...|$|E
40|$|Being a {{committee}} Secretary is about {{much more than}} just taking minutes. It is an active not a passive role. It involves (amongst other things) • knowing in detail the remit of the committee and advising the Chair and members of what is possible within the remit – it is your responsibility to make sure that that the committee only deals with items which fall within its remit; • ensuring the timely and accurate preparation of <b>papers</b> <b>for</b> <b>meetings</b> and offering advice to those writing papers on presentation and what it is appropriate for the committee to be asked to do; • timely and accurate production of minutes; • informing appropriate people of the outcome of meetings; • recording action points, and following these up regularly to ensure that the required action is completed...|$|E
5000|$|Gregory Jones, [...] "Non-Elite Origins of the Attic Skolia and the Birth of Democracy", Abstracts of <b>Papers</b> <b>for</b> the Annual <b>Meeting,</b> ...|$|R
50|$|London, England, 1986: Mr Albert, Galaxity's contact on 20th century Earth, {{checks out}} of his hotel room and makes his way on foot to King's Cross where he just makes it {{in time to catch}} the train to Scotland. He is {{carrying}} important confidential <b>papers</b> <b>for</b> a <b>meeting.</b>|$|R
5000|$|A further document, a 21 July 2002, {{cabinet office}} paper titled [...] "Conditions for Military Action", {{which is a}} {{briefing}} <b>paper</b> <b>for</b> the <b>meeting</b> of which the Downing Street Memo is the minutes, was published (with the last page missing) by The Sunday Times on 12 June 2005.|$|R
40|$|It was {{reported}} that following the last meeting {{of the group and}} discussions with the Registrar it had been agreed that the Forum would now meet once a term and report to the Disability and Accessibility Group. The membership and terms of reference were then discussed and the following points made: � Linda Brosnan is now secretary to the Forum ● Concerns were raised that there is no reference to our statutory obligations for external facing, for example, visitors, conference guests. Also there has been {{an increase in the number}} of distance learning student who will be accessing systems externally. It was agreed that the wording would be changed to include visitors. (Action – LB) The membership and terms of reference were agreed by the members. These would be forwarded to the Disability and Accessibility Group for information. (Action – LB) It was agreed that members would communicate using the forum email and <b>papers</b> <b>for</b> <b>meetings</b> would be uploaded to Google drive. Also, members were encouraged to upload documents and comments on issues to Google drive. 13 / 2 Minutes of the last meeting The minutes of the meeting held on the 10 September were approved with the following amendments. 12 / 14 - the final sentence should read that the PGCAP module on inclusivity in the curriculum is not compulsory. It was agreed that the minutes would continue to be published on the Communications Office website...|$|E
5000|$|In {{the draft}} {{edition of the}} TfL 'Business Plan 2014', issued {{as part of the}} TfL Board <b>papers</b> <b>for</b> their <b>meeting</b> on 10 December, 2014, the map TfL's Rail Transport Network at 2021 {{labelled}} the terminus as [...] "Battersea Power Station", instead of just [...] "Battersea" [...] as had appeared on previous publications.|$|R
40|$|Since {{this is the}} twenty-fifth {{meeting of}} the Eastern Section, it is a Silver Jubilee meeting. The {{combination}} of a jubilee meeting in the nation's capitol, should make the occasion a memorable one. The Secretary invites a generous contri-bution of <b>papers</b> <b>for</b> the <b>meeting.</b> Please submit to him an abstract of your paper by April 11...|$|R
40|$|BIS Policy Papers {{are based}} on <b>papers</b> {{prepared}} <b>for</b> <b>meetings</b> at the BIS of senior officials from central banks. They are published by the Bank {{with the aim of}} stimulating discussion of the topics with which they deal. The views expressed in them are those of their authors and not necessarily the views of the BIS or the central banks represented. © Bank for International Settlements, 199...|$|R
50|$|Final {{reports and}} {{documented}} <b>papers</b> <b>for</b> all these <b>meetings</b> are freely available for downloading and consultation on the ACAP web {{site in the}} Agreement's three official languages of English, French and Spanish.|$|R
40|$|The {{enclosed}} is an introductory <b>paper</b> <b>for</b> the <b>meeting</b> {{which will be}} held in Atlantic City as part of the ARPA Network <b>meetings.</b> The schedule <b>for</b> the <b>meeting</b> will be published soon by Steve Crocker. The Agenda of the meeting will include: a. Presentation of the introductory paper. b. Open discussion to exchange comments and ideas. c. Attempt some recommendations. d. Possibly set up a committee of interested people. If you have interest in the subject please plan to attend...|$|R
40|$|These were agreed as {{a correct}} record. Bob Pearson apologised to the CGB for the {{lateness}} {{of the distribution}} of the <b>papers</b> <b>for</b> this <b>meeting</b> but explained that this was due to a change in personnel. Bob Pearson welcomed Ann Smith to the group, and informed them that Ann Smith was now covering the post of PA to the Medical Director and would be attending these meetings as secretary...|$|R
5000|$|Smith, Gary, Campbell, Frank. (1980). “A Critique of Some Ridge Regression Methods,” Journal of the American Statistical Association, with {{discussion}} and rejoinder, 75 (369), 74-81. (Journal of the American Statistical Association invited Theory and Methods <b>Paper</b> <b>for</b> the 1979 <b>meetings</b> of the American Statistical Association) ...|$|R
5000|$|The {{extension}} {{was given}} the final approval by the Secretary of State for Transport in November 2014 with it projected to open in 2020. In the draft edition of the TfL 'Business Plan 2014', issued {{as part of the}} TfL Board <b>papers</b> <b>for</b> their <b>meeting</b> on 10 December 2014, the map TfL's Rail Transport Network at 2021 labelled the terminus as [...] "Battersea Power Station", instead of just [...] "Battersea" [...] as had appeared on previous publications.|$|R
40|$|Report of the 30 September - 4 October 1974 {{meeting of}} the TAC Working Group on Grain Legumes in New Delhi. Background and terms of {{reference}} of the working group and proceedings of the New Delhi meeting. Includes discussion <b>papers</b> prepared <b>for</b> the <b>meeting.</b> Agenda document presented at TAC Ninth Meeting, February 1975...|$|R
40|$|Pleased to hear Macleay is recovered, knows "from {{frequent}} {{experience in}} the same complaint how tender one's whole frame is afterwards"; further advice for Macleay. Macleay's son should use him [Smith] as an introduction in Paris. Encloses some American <b>papers</b> <b>for</b> Linnean Society <b>meeting.</b> Congratulates [Robert] Brown. Leaves [James] Sowerby to "do as he will" with "Exotic botany"...|$|R
40|$|Latin America is {{the region}} with {{the highest levels of}} {{inequality}} in the world. This is the case when we look at inequality in income levels and incomegeneration capabilities among individuals, using micro-data. Recently, research has also looked into regional disparities between and within countries, which has raised new and important theoretical and empirical questions. Given the importance of the issue, especially in this region of the world, UNU and WIDER decided to launch a call <b>for</b> <b>papers</b> <b>for</b> a <b>meeting</b> to dicuss recent findings aimed at explaining regional disparities in Latin America and the Caribbean...|$|R
40|$|This {{report is}} {{prepared}} as a discussion <b>paper</b> <b>for</b> the <b>meeting</b> of the Nordic Council of Ministers for Gender Equality in Helsinki on October 3, 2016. Its {{purpose is to}} give information about gender-sensitivity in current asylum processes in the Nordic countries. It deals with gender-specific guidelines, gender-relevant information and gender-sensitive practices related to different stages of the asylum process. Furthermore, it discusses how the gender dimension is taken into consideration in the determination of refugee status. In addition, it includes gender-disaggregated asylum statistics for 2015, {{when the number of}} asylum seekers grew rapidly in Europe, including the Nordic countries...|$|R
40|$|The {{objective}} of multiple description coding (MDC) is to encode a source into two (or more) bitstreams supporting two quality levels of decoding. A high-quality reconstruction should be decodable {{from the two}} bitstreams together, while lower, but still acceptable, quality reconstructions should be decodable from {{either of the two}} individual bitstreams. This <b>paper</b> describes techniques <b>for</b> <b>meeting</b> MDC objectives in the framework of standard transform-based image coding through the design of pairwise transforms...|$|R
40|$|This RFC {{suggests}} a draft standard elective protocol for the Internet community, and requests discussion {{and suggestions for}} improvements. Distribution of this memo is unlimited. ACKNOWLEDGMENT This RFC is the outgrowth {{of a series of}} IAB Privacy Task Force meetings and of internal working <b>papers</b> distributed <b>for</b> those <b>meetings.</b> I {{would like to thank the}} following Privacy Task Force members and <b>meeting</b> guests <b>for</b> their comments and contributions a...|$|R
40|$|Read Smith's {{paper at}} last Linnean Society meeting to a "numerous audience", and never meets {{with less than}} 30 on a general night now, still short of <b>papers</b> <b>for</b> next <b>meeting.</b> Asks Smith's {{intentions}} for coming to London. Death of [Thomas] Pennant; thinks it a "shame" that none of his works were presented to the Society. Recently afflicted with "a severe fit of the stone". Requests description of 'Scarabaeus conspurcatus' if in Linnaean collections to clear confusion over it, and a magnified sketch by Mrs [Pleasance] Smith {{or one of his}} sisters. Criticises preface of Paykull's "Fauna Suecica", intends to attack both him and Fabricius in his own [for "Entomologia Britannica" (1802) ]...|$|R
40|$|Technical Issues Fiber Identification Letter {{from the}} President In Memoriam Letter from the Editor Travel Announcements Calls <b>for</b> <b>Papers</b> Conferences, <b>Meetings,</b> Symposia Wanted: Saris to Photograph Lectures, Workshops 2 ̆ 6 Classes Fellowships, Grants, Internships People Exhibitions Membership Information Symposia/Conferences/Seminars – Past/Present/Future The Eastern Region’s Late Spring Tour of the Renwick Gallery’s Exhibition of Contemporary Navajo Weaving TSA Bibliography Announce...|$|R
40|$|This RFC {{suggests}} a proposed protocol for the Internet community and requests discussion {{and suggestions for}} improvements. Distribution of this memo is unlimited. ACKNOWLEDGMENT This RFC is the outgrowth {{of a series of}} IAB Privacy Task Force meetings and of internal working <b>papers</b> distributed <b>for</b> those <b>meetings.</b> I {{would like to thank the}} following Privacy Task Force members and <b>meeting</b> guests <b>for</b> their comments and contributions at the meetings which led to the preparation of this RFC: Davi...|$|R
40|$|His health {{much better}} but his "perfect {{recovery}} will require much time". Pleased {{to hear of}} Smith's recovery from his "very severe" summer illness. Linnean Society continues to get many candidates for admission but few papers; requests a <b>paper</b> <b>for</b> next <b>meeting.</b> [William] Smith and [Charles Sinclair] Cullen elected FLS; [Thomas Thynne, 2 nd] Marquess of Bath [(1765 - 1837) ] and Bishop of Salisbury [John Fisher (1748 - 1838) ] now both candidates. Informed by [Aylmer Bourke] Lambert some time ago that the Prince [Regent, later George IV (1762 - 1830) ] was to become the Society's royal patron, has not heard anything since. Asks if [William George] Maton has written to Smith on proposed Linnean Dining Club; some "not very friendly to the plan" but he likes it much...|$|R
40|$|Nebraska Water Resources Center Annual Report 1977 Water Resources Seminars Deadline for Submitting Annual Allotment Proposals Slide-Tape Show Available Grantsmanship Training Program Planned Paper Presented at AGU Meeting Water Resources in Nebraska Manuel Morris Named OWRT Deputy Director National Irrigation Water Study Announced New Director at New Mexico Model Implementation Program (USDA-EPA) Workshop on Storm Sewer Design AWRA Conference <b>Papers</b> Solicited <b>for</b> ASAE <b>Meeting</b> Short Course on Unsteady Flow in Pipelines Research Review: Nitrogens Losses from Sprinkler Applied Nitrogen Fertilize...|$|R
40|$|Underrepresentation {{of racial}} and ethnic {{minorities}} in clinical research limits the applicability of trial results to diverse subpopulations. Recognizing an ongoing need to increase participation by minorities, The Endocrine Society established a task force of thought leaders from all stakeholder groups—the pharmaceutical industry, federal agencies, academia, and community groups—to develop a white <b>paper</b> outlining recommendations <b>for</b> <b>meeting</b> this need. The primary goal {{is to ensure that}} clinical research supporting the safety and efficacy of pharmaceutical products and the validity of biomarkers used to design therapeutic strategies is based on statistically powered data derived from minority subpopulations. To realize...|$|R
50|$|Christian {{began working}} for the Antarctic and Southern Ocean Coalition in 2009. She was acting {{director}} in 2016 and director by 2017. At ASOC Christian is responsible for developing policy and strategy on issues ranging from tourism and fishing to climate change, as well as writing <b>papers</b> <b>for</b> international governance <b>meetings</b> related to Antarctic environment and policy. She also regularly contributes articles on Antarctica {{to a range of}} platforms, generally focusing on environmental challenges. Her work has further helped to raise the profile of antarctic conservation efforts.|$|R
40|$|He {{has been}} {{confined}} to his house for two months with "debility & headaches", a consequence of influenza. His campaign [for botany professorship] is stationary; the present Cambridge vice-chancellor [John Davie] is not a friend {{so it is not}} expedient for [Thomas] Martyn to resign, but believes his interest is working as it is to their own concern to have an active professor. Nothing to be done with his knighthood until he is sure of Cambridge. Delayed in sending <b>papers</b> <b>for</b> Linnean Society <b>meeting...</b>|$|R
50|$|More {{typical of}} the Academy, STEP work has helped shape the agendas of {{investigators}} and research sponsors. A prime example is the 2001 workshop, Using Human Resource Data to Track Innovation, whose premise was that studying the qualifications, career paths, and activities of industrial scientists, engineers, and other professionals could reveal {{a great deal about}} innovation processes, especially those beyond the R&D stage. The workshop has shaped the subsequent work of Paula Stephan, who was commissioned to write the principal <b>paper</b> <b>for</b> the <b>meeting,</b> and led directly to a series of NSF workshops, other research initiatives, and efforts to improve the utility of data from the NSF surveys of PhD-holders. A community of investigators is exploring ways to match publication and patent data with NSF human resource data. Stephan attributes all of this activity directly to the seminal STEP workshop.|$|R
40|$|Annual meeting {{numbering}} jumps from 79 th (1946) to 100 th (1947), skipping numbers 80 th- 99 th, {{to commemorate}} the centennial anniversary {{of the founding of}} the Society in 1847. Parent organization founded in 1847; annual reports of proceedings began with 1867 annual meeting; no annual meeting was held in 1945, however, 78 th proceedings contains <b>papers</b> prepared <b>for</b> cancelled <b>meeting</b> in addition to papers from 1944 summer meetings. Mode of access: Internet. Title varies: 1867 - 1923, Its/Annual report. No. 21 bound with Ohio. Board of agriculture. Annual report 1887...|$|R
40|$|This folder {{contains}} documents {{related to}} local councils within Chris Hurford’s electorate of Adelaide during 1983 - 84. Documents include: correspondence between councils, Mr Hurford and government departments about grants by the Community Employment Program (CEP), the Jobs on Local Roads Program, the Australian Bicentennial Road Development Trust Fund and the Local Government Grants Commission; contact details for councils and names of key personnel; correspondence to Mr Hurford from the City of Enfield on their radio broadcasts, August 1984, and their survey {{on the needs of}} local youth, October 1983; notes from meetings between Mr Hurford’s staffer Annette Hurley and councils to explain the CEP, August 1983; news clipping on suspected Labor Party involvement in council elections, September 1983; background <b>paper</b> <b>for</b> a <b>meeting</b> between Mr Hurford as Minister for Housing and Construction and the Local Government Association of South Australia to discuss a Housing Advisory Service, August 1983. ...|$|R
5000|$|Marc Helbling (2009-11): Variants of Migration: Why Swiss-Germans dislike Germans. Opposition to {{culturally}} {{similar and}} highly skilled immigrants. In: European Societies 13 (1), February 2011 - Abstract, Info on tandfonline.com / Marc Helbling: Germanophobia in Switzerland (PDF), Discussion Paper SP IV 2010-702, WZB Berlin, May 2010 / Marc Helbling: Why Swiss-Germans dislike Germans. Opposition to culturally similar and highly skilled immigrants (PDF), <b>paper</b> <b>for</b> the annual <b>meeting</b> of the Swiss Political Science Association at the University of Geneva, January 8, 2010, WZB January 2010 / Marc Helbling: Germanophobia in Switzerland: Theoretical background and objectives, Forschungsprojekt WZB, 2009-10 ...|$|R
500|$|On 12 and 19 March 1954, Penney briefed the Gen 475 Committee meetings, {{attended}} by the Chiefs of Staff, senior {{officials from the}} Ministry of Defence and Foreign Office, and Sir Edwin Plowden, about recent developments in thermonuclear weapons. Sir Frederick Brundrett, {{the chairman of the}} Chiefs of Staff's Working Party on the Operational Use of Atomic Weapons (OAW), then asked Penney on 25 May <b>for</b> a working <b>paper</b> <b>for</b> an OAW <b>meeting</b> on 31 May. In turn, OAW sent a report to the Chiefs of Staff, who recommended that the United Kingdom develop its own thermonuclear weapons. Admiral of the Fleet Sir Rhoderick McGrigor, the First Sea Lord, recalled that: ...|$|R
5000|$|He is {{also known}} to have {{incorrectly}} opposed Edwin Hubble's observations that there are additional galaxies in the universe other than the Milky Way. Shapley fiercely critiqued Hubble and regarded his work as junk science. However, after he {{received a letter from}} Hubble showing Hubble's observed light curve of V1, he withdrew his criticism. He reportedly told a colleague, [...] "Here is the letter that destroyed my universe." [...] He also encouraged Hubble to write a <b>paper</b> <b>for</b> a joint <b>meeting</b> of the American Astronomical Society and American Association for the Advancement of Science. Hubble's findings went on to reshape fundamentally the scientific view of the universe.|$|R
40|$|Informal {{summary of}} CGIAR forum {{discussion}} 'Training for Research and the Application of Research,' held in Washington, DC, 12 September, 1977, {{prior to a}} meeting of the CGIAR. Discussion followed presentations on four <b>papers</b> prepared <b>for</b> the <b>meeting</b> by their authors: 'Training Requirements for Research and its Application - An Overview' by Dr. Peter A. Oram; 'Objectives and Content of Training at the International Centers of Agricultural Research' by Dr. Fernando Fernandez; 'High Level Agricultural Manpower in Indonesia and the Philippines' by Dr. Jose D. Drilon; and 'Research and Production Training at International Agricultural Research Centers: View from the Outside' by Dr. Burton D. Swanson...|$|R
